1782 faq increasing visibility (#1806)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/faq.adoc

the cluster size (for example, 500 application servers vs. 10 member cluster).

// '''
== How can I shut down a Hazelcast member?

You can use the following ways to shut down a Hazelcast member:

* You can call `kill -9 <PID>` in the terminal (which sends a SIGKILL signal).
This results in immediate shutdown which is not recommended for production systems.
If you set the property `hazelcast.shutdownhook.enabled` to `false` and then kill the process using `kill -15 <PID>`, its result is the same (immediate shutdown).
* You can call `kill -15 <PID>` in the terminal (which sends a SIGTERM signal), or you can call
the method `HazelcastInstance.getLifecycleService().terminate()` programmatically, or you can use
the script `stop.sh` located in your Hazelcast's `/bin` directory. All three of them terminate your member ungracefully.
They do not wait for migration operations; they force the shutdown.
But this is much better than `kill -9 <PID>` since it releases most of the used resources.

> * To gracefully shutdown a Hazelcast member (so that it waits for the migration operations to be completed), you have four options. You can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To gracefully shut down a Hazelcast member (so that it waits for the migration operations to be completed), you have four options. You can:
```
See this one a lot. "shutdown" can be a noun, but not a verb. Avoid except where we need to match the UI.

Author: done
